thanks general
med 25 gameplay trailers here and you
know what I'm lazing on a waste time
trying to break this thing down because
it is too small of a sample and I really
just I don't really think that this is
madden 25 I think it is madden 13 it
might be madden 25 pre-alpha but
basically what it looks like to me is
mad 13 with some new animations or
adjustments that they made to show this
off for a sizzle trailer and hey you
can't really read too much into this
because it looks like the same game at
this point and going off of the
impressions of people who've actually
played the game I believe you should
leave you some links in the description
so you can go check it out of people who
have actually had hands-on impressions
with the game recently and back from the
first community day and I trust sinful
sinful ball critic and submitting their
impressions of what they play that the
first community day and then also they
had an event not too long ago out in San
Francisco where I'm Casey one of the
game changes also has some hands-on
impressions but like I said you can
check those links out in the description
but I just wanted to get a brief
discussion one here because to me this
game is not going to change at its core
until next gen and I don't know a lot of
people probably are upset with that but
like seven football critic said in his
video I think that this as far as they
could go with the current systems now
it'll be up to e8 to deliver and not lay
a good like the heel with madden 06 I
think we all remember that if you don't
go back and look up the mad no 6 trailer
see what the game is supposed to look
like or let's just say what they sold us
that the game was supposed to look and
play like
when that no six dropped it was bare
bone so hopefully we don't get that and
I think you might get to Madden's this
year you might get since the new
consoles are coming out you might get
madden 25 for xbox 360 and ps3 as well
as xbox 720 or whatever they calling it
and ps4 so I don't know I mean that
hasn't been confirmed we're still months
away from the release of the regular man
and there's some time in between May and
June where they could release that info
if it's ready but to me all they can do
is just make improvements on what ian
cummings and team development team tried
to do and obviously they reached their
limit because i just don't think they
could do it i think they tried to fix it
and they couldn't fix it all the way man
so it has some we all know the legacy
issues that are surrounding this game
and i gotta give them props for doing
the best that they can but next-gen will
be the true test of cam Weber and team's
ability to create a football game
because mad no six is a true atrocity
man so leave your comments down in the
comment section I want to hear feedback
you are always great at leaving feedback
on my videos and I take that feedback
down with me when I go to community days
for EA sports madden and i want to know
what you all think because to me this
this was not a good trailer if you want
to show off some improvements i said you
just wait either have to put a video out
with the cover but um yeah the cover
vote with Barry Sanders winning the
cover but you know marketing and going
after casual fans that's what people do
so we'll see I
as soon as I get my hands on the game
i'm going to give you impressions the
impressions that I can about how I feel
about it but for now sim football critic
is Smitty I have touched the game and
they their impressions if you go check
out stems video he's not happy with the
trailer as well so we'll see in the
coming months but as soon as I touched
the game and I'm give you my honest
opinion as well and don't forget to
check out the same perspective radio
show man is something that me sin
football critic Smitty coach Rutgers
have been doing and it's been great man
so it gives you opportunity to call in
and voice your opinion about how you
feel about manually three shows in all
readiness being great I'm gonna put that
link down in the description as well be
sure to check it out come fast she said
that it was crying so then my first car
color Woods's or it effectively my money
had to blow a little more